Added 2.0.0 references to the Manage Airflow Versions doc (#128)
astronomer/docs: cloud/stable/04_customize-airflow/01_manage-airflow-versions.md

Astronomer Certified offers support for the following versions of Apache Airflow:

> - [Airflow 2.0.0](https://www.astronomer.io/blog/introducing-airflow-2-0)

Reviewer: This is a good place-holder, but I confirmed with Ash he'll be publishing an OSS blog post with 2.0 changes - so once that's out, we can link here!

| [v1.10.5](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/1.10.5/CHANGELOG.md)   | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:1.10.5-buster-onbuild  | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:1.10.5-alpine3.10-onbuild  |
| [v1.10.7](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/1.10.7/CHANGELOG.md)   | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:1.10.7-buster-onbuild  | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:1.10.7-alpine3.10-onbuild  |
| [v1.10.10](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/1.10.10/CHANGELOG.md) | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:1.10.10-buster-onbuild | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:1.10.10-alpine3.10-onbuild |
| [v1.10.12](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/1.10.12/CHANGELOG.md) | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:1.10.12-buster-onbuild | ROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:1.10.12-alpine3.10-onbuild  |
| [v1.10.14](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/1.10.14/CHANGELOG.md) | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:1.10.14-buster-onbuild | N/A                                                           |

> | [v2.0.0](https://www.astronomer.io/blog/introducing-airflow-2-0)                      | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:2.0.0-buster-onbuild   | N/A                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [v2.0.0](https://github.com/astronomer/ap-airflow/blob/master/2.0.0/CHANGELOG.md)                      | FROM quay.io/astronomer/ap-airflow:2.0.0-buster-onbuild   | N/A                                                           |
```

Sort of confusing, but basically in this table I link out to the AC changelog (in `ap-airflow`) and in the section above where we talk about Airflow versions I link out to the OSS release notes or blog.

Author: Updated this in latest commit!
